oh hey I went by the photo shop take a
look here is a mock-up of our card what
do you think huh look huh wow this is
great now do you think it should say
love raw Simona
well we we haven't said that to each
other yet but yes it's okay to say it to
other people how many did you want I'm
getting a hundred one hundred well I I
guess I'll take Mona uh I I don't I'm
not sure about the whole card thing
really why not it is it sending out a
holiday card together I'm uh I just
don't know if we're really quite there
yet you know I didn't think of it that
way you're right you're right so can I
ask you a question yeah where are we huh
Oh
like where are we where is this
relationship going
hmm I love spending time with you you
know I just I hope we're moving forward
I mean we should probably talk about
that don't you think
let's do the card what the card I think
we're there okay I but I I still think
we should have this conversation really
I mean even with the card so um well I I
really like you and I I love um you know
hanging out with you and I mean I'm I'm
having a lot of fun
okay I mean there's no point in spending
time with someone if it's just fun and
it's got to be it's got to be going
somewhere right so where where is it
going
ah that's that's the real question
and and the answer is it's going
somewhere fun now I know what you're
thinking fun it was fine for you like
ten years ago you know but I mean you're
not you're not getting any younger no
not you not you you you are getting
younger I mean you you look like you're
getting younger by the by the cycle
what's your secret I'm sorry so um so
where are we oh well well to sum up
we're having fun you look young
okay but that's not enough so oh here's
a key to my apartment really you don't
think this is too fast
okay oh I'm gonna need a bunch of extra
keys apparently I give them away for no
reason at all hey Ross what's going on
changing the lock no that guy is I don't
understand you you give me a key to your
apartment and then you change the lock
oh good luck buddy um I I thought we
were moving forward and now you're
you're sending me all these mixed
signals what are you trying to tell me
I'm trying to tell you I made you a
mixtape what I love you
oh and I love spending time with you